1)What is method ? what is function?
     A set of code that has written in program is said to the function which is not defined within a class. Also the set of code written inside the class is said to be the method. And In java, everything is written inside the class as java is object oriented so there is no function concept in java hence they are said to be methods.

2)Method definition ? Method calling?
    Method definition is writting the set of code that does their respective operation within their class. Method calling is the intiating the method to do its operation. Methods are executed in run-time when ever it is called. While calling the method we can provide the data or object to the method for its Execution.

3) Parameterized methods and Non-Parameterized methods?
    The methods can be Parameterized and also Non-Parameterized where the parameterized methods passes date/object to the method for its operation. and where as non parameterized method does not needed to pass any data/oject to the method for its execution.

4) What is object oriented programming?
     Basically, Object-Oriented Programming is a programming concept that represents real-world entities in software using classes and objects. It is based on the core principles of encapsulation, abstraction, inheritance, and polymorphism, which help in creating reusable, secure, and maintainable code.
     For example: In a Car system, the car is represented as a class, vehicles like BMW or Audi are objects, engine details are encapsulated, driving functionality is abstracted, an ElectricCar can inherit from a Car, and the start method demonstrates polymorphism by behaving differently for petrol and electric cars.

5) What is Object?
     The Object is a real-world entity having some state, behavior and identity. In Java, an Object is an instance of a class that has instance variables as the state of the object and methods as the behavior of the object. where the unique memory location as the identity which differentiaties from others. The object of a class can be created by using the "new" keyword.

     For example, if we have a class called Car, an object of that class could represent a specific car with attributes like color, model, year, and methods like startEngine() or drive(). Each instance of the Car class would be a distinct object with its own unique state.

6) What is Class?
     Class is a user-defined data type that defines a group of object with similar properties and behaviour.It acts as a blueprint or template from which individual objects are created. A class does not occupy memory until an object is instantiated from it. Multiple objects can be created from a single class, each having its own state and identity.

7) What is Inheritence?
     Inheritance in Java is a mechanism where one class (subclass) acquires the properties and methods of another class (superclass). It supports code reusability, method overriding, and establishes an IS-A (parent–child) relationship between classes.

     class Subclass-name extends Superclass-name  
     {  
        //methods and fields  
     } 

8) Types of Inheritance
     i) Single Inheritance
     ii) Multilevel Inheritance
     iii) Hierarchical Inheritance
     iv )Multiple Inheritance (not supported using classes in Java)
     v) Hybrid Inheritance (not supported using classes in Java)

SINGLE LEVEL INHERITANCE --   there is a single base class & a single derived clas.(Father-->Son)

MULTI LEVEL INHERITANCE --  there is more than one single level of derivation. (Grandfateher-->Father-->Son)

HIERARCHICAL LEVEL INHERITANCE -- multiple derived classes would be extended from a base class. (Father-->Son)
                                                                                                    |
                                                                                                 (Daugter)

HYBRID INHERITANCE -- Single, multilevel, & hierarchical inheritance all together construct hybrid inheritance.

MULTIPLE INHERITANCE -- derived class will extend from multiple base classes  Note: To reduce the complexity and simplify the language, multiple inheritance is not
                         supported in Javalanguage.  While Java doesn't supportmultiple inheritance directly, it can be achieved through interface.
